Unknown 0:00And then been there for the quality software quality vice president and then back in Germany since 2015 and leading the program since 2017. Now and in my second role currently still responsible for what we do is activities at Mercedes BenzUnknown 0:32unbundling the process and quality of purchasing cheap quality rice. I don't wantUnknown 0:44to go on and talk it all the time.Unknown 0:52So let me start with the first question. Okay, so we have gathered few questions. So first is Petare Cago okay in the automotive on the Oxford has also done a sorting some beyond her government views or opinions you can move onUnknown 1:18the system which I've done beforeUnknown 1:29occupies currencyUnknown 1:34my beer which was punishing me for the EnglishUnknown 1:42learning for we prefer to answer in English and English Okay.Unknown 1:48Obviously, battery costs are very, very important because it's number one the batteries obviously from the weight and the size of the ghost. Very valuable part in the car. So one thing is obviously making sure that you're using the battery installed capacity as efficient as possible that the guard it's the rule number one to the most efficient car to the most efficient power train. And obviously that has an impact on your on the size of the battery number nine number two is obviously have a good battery chemistry. Then obviously also check what kind of battery chemistry are you putting in which model I mean there are obviously different chemistry is more maybe on the performance oriented side more on the on the range side and then obviously, let's say from the entry perspective, not to these models, but maybe to the upcoming ones. I mean as of right now LFP is a good, good entry point. Number two is obviously together with all partners to suppliers. We are the focus is that you are using the materials which are coming into the process of putting on as efficient as possible so that you don't create waste because of this need for raw materials is very crucial. So it's a it's a combination of efficiency. It's a combination of what kind of chemistry and obviously they're looking into the process together with our partners making sure that we eliminate as much as possible the waste materials and then on the on the videoUnknown 3:44we told you pure cookingUnknown 3:54or cooking installing the installation hit the power train or DockAtot as long as you keep pushing back the community will wonder from Yangon interpreter they have has its Annika or Tambo they have done between the time and Minji this autumn. Dangerous. They didn't even want to tell you that you're gonna do that in an L FP because the toy pattern is off today our children don't even want to do it who use someUnknown 4:37type probabilistic holding an audience of aUnknown 4:45person will have taken the time to liveUnknown 4:51and maybe maybe two additional points we have implemented in order to come where our powertrain plant is. We have like a battery chemistry lab own experts obviously where we are also simulating now. The the processes for for I would call it a mass production Yeah, but you're you're you're playing with different chemistry variances to see so we have to get as I said we're together on on I level with the with the chemistry supplier, our battery suppliers or cell suppliers were developing in parallel to see okay, how can we improve the next battery? So number one, and number two, obviously, not. Not right now fully news but we also looking into them on the phone and 60 degree of the recycle monster. The battery comes to a lifecycle. And we're using a we just opened up a plant in Germany where we're basically recycling the materials and bring them back again then to the supply chain. So that's basically all the aspects we'reUnknown 6:12looking at in iteration to the labels or to hazardous optical processing approval before the consumer they don't have to continue this was approved today and we didn't change it today. I decide to move along the supply chain itUnknown 6:47kind of wants to tell you the supply chainUnknown 6:57met chromator wanted him on today's or Hangul editorial KY Patel talking how about they only from one day Oh, here is also pm tomorrow bottom. Table karanga check on a Tommy on a to ej on Samsung ricotta O'Bannon. Good book I'm getting interested me that so pentik key up the wall blockage and potential get hung up. It's going into two piles soUnknown 7:26I Spy let's seeUnknown 7:34a legal term I called Hudson version mass moving bettingUnknown 7:47yes for your careerUnknown 7:57so I mean if you if you look our battery strategy, we have we do two approaches. The main approaches have a local for local approach. So we have if you look on our Carline plants we have a Colin plant in Tuscaloosa, which is producing actually the EQs and the QE and the Viva we have obviously our plants in Germany. And then we have in Beijing basically two plants. So the idea is have battery assemblies by us and the battery software by us but we're getting the modules from partners. So for example in Europe, we were partnering now with ACC which is still antas and totaal. And as well we are basically building up an European battery I would call a battery champion. In the United States, we have partnering up with ASC which is a Japanese company. They are I think either in Tennessee, mistaken and then obviously in China we have a CDL and viruses. We also have a Crtl in Europe. So the idea is do it with partnerships. And it's again, I mean we are also developing new beta regenerations as we just talked about. So we are also looking of course for the next levels of vehicles which will come after what we have here we are looking again that in an open sourcing strategy are we looking again then to see what kind of partner are we taking for the next generation but the overall idea is that stay local for local so that you really that you really focus on on producing the batteries where the cars are built and also try to produce the sales and modules and also obviously because you don't want to have independency and so on from from logistics and everything you want to be local for local but it's not in stone that we only have Crtl or ASC or ACC it's not installed it's just for the current footprint is like this but we are again you we are in a sourcing process the next couple of years for the models after this one so that the names can change. But the idea is really try to bring down the battery production where the cars are produced on the continentalUnknown 10:43Toyota Toyota Highlander.Unknown 10:47Campaign book called Excel you have to consider whether when theUnknown 10:58Will the q&a will certainly highlight Tuscaloosa is the increase between bye bye to the assembly we don't have to have an ACC that has our tutorial COVID technician Yvonne si investeu associate Asur. TrimbleUnknown 11:36national recruitingUnknown 11:39and petroleum engineering. How happy to be retired. You don't need that. So Jeanette Random House you're gonna open sourcing in Mandan.Unknown 12:01Tennessee, this is your ACC ACC LCCUnknown 12:06ASC assist in theUnknown 12:11ASC S A ESCUnknown 12:15ASC Yes,Unknown 12:17yes and visionaries. Yes, yes. Pharmacists on CRT.Unknown 12:27See ATSUnknown 12:30pharmacistUnknown 12:34esse yes in the United States and visionaries. ACC and SEC is basically a consortium from us to tal encephalitis total energies in France. He's like shell or BP is an industry is a company it's a it's an energy company from energy companies. Yeah, exactly. I think they have also I mean they have gas stations but overall they're in the energy business.Unknown 13:12So the next question is that Pinta children are indenture meaning they are pensioners on second okay so children in poorer the reader wonder what that is. Oh, cool boy down continuing care. go to Costco to humbug so Chandra improvs Okay, good. So do me thatUnknown 13:36you haven't been helped by it's a man who visited his house once out, visit the plant.Unknown 13:51As I've realized, the guinea relish category is this bizarre Bitcoin D that is going to the general strategy was of course that if you want to support now, the transformation from positive to fully be by also supporting it with our own infrastructure. So that's the general strategy. That's why we have decided to implement our own Eastar charging network around the globe. Now, if you look on what are the needs look now at the Korean market right now. Korea is very very ahead of the game if you compare it to other countries. So we have a very, very good infrastructure in Korea. So our first focus our first priority is really Europe, the United States and then also China to implement Easter there. We will start with the United States, because there we see the biggest needs right now for us. We did together with other OEMs in Europe reality in 2017. So we have done something already in Europe. And we have also, we're doing now a second wave in Europe with unity but we will also to our Mercedes branded network also in Europe, on top of it, first of all, because market is the United States right now, because you have a lot of white spots when you look up the size of the country compared to where it is so this is our first focus. And we will we will then roll it out. And of course we want to watch and we'll see how the other markets are progressing. progressing. Absolutely. But luckily for us, for example, different than maybe maybe other markets. Korea is really really good with the partnership there. And actually we have a couple of Mercedes branded Chondrus I don't know if you'd even know that but together in one of the other Starbucks. There is in Korea, actually. Here. There is in Korea actually. We are probably the you will you are the first market who has Mercedes branded charging stations which which we which we have there. But yes, the overall strategy is support the rollout of the bare fleet of the infrastructure.Unknown 16:28The tambun Doggie Toyota. The Toyota got your little tiny salt on guitar on the CoronadoUnknown 16:35island they moved to Ching Chuan.Unknown 16:39It will take the East charging of alumnus Otto young individual higher than the HumboldtUnknown 16:49State in joining theUnknown 16:55show to get started chatting with we will go to a womanUnknown 17:01who had a stutter. It does today to donate we.Unknown 17:20are humbled but to know that you are aboutUnknown 17:29to get the next.Unknown 17:43Thompson zooming in or Pentagon he turns homes in your cars a bowden Tara guitarra pocket Tom who is a caregiver p&l grown camiseta talking about Italia, en todo de Yong ki quani Karna barra de Ricci Maru, we look at some Simonyan projects on guitars are now going to head over to Ron Smith or Pentagon oh it turns out mission young cause a Buddha taught our associates AMITA Buddha Rupa pueden lamium named Jade from Goa amoeba.Unknown 18:16victual electro howtos. Shaft shafting our Deutschland, or the Italian Zins dispensing skeptic by divided Veta hiding the eyes of your opponents auto stock sent in one more recycling crisisUnknown 18:39Yeah, I was so we when we when we did our strategy to be completely decarbonized by 2039. We said by 2030 we want to go full electric where the market conditions are allowing it so it's depending on the market conditions. But the strategy didn't change. I mean, we're not looking at on now on, on on, let's say on a European level whatever changes now would leave us or not if you were following our strategy to the point that we say by 2030. We're gonna go fully electric, where the market conditions are allowing it and you can clearly see that also by the product decisions which we have made, because every platform which will come from 2025 onwards is going to be electric only. So this is a complete dedication also from resources when it comes to capital investment. So the strategy didn't change. Of course we're gonna we're gonna keep our ICS or combustion cars up to date, I mean, you will get a glimpse of it. So the the new E Class interior maybe couple of weeks ago, the the class will the new E Class will come out. So there are I mean, the S class is just only two years on the market now. So we have just refreshed our C and S Class combustion fleet. And of course, we're gonna we're gonna keep it also we have regulatory changes, but the complete new new investment goes into Bev only. I told you I get a chance to sometimes with the children,Unknown 20:33often, according to Bucha, named John John Thompson, some condition again the HaurakiUnknown 20:44under the chair and you don'tUnknown 20:57know what all the resources is ice cream.Unknown 21:04You don't have to go because the seven only place your children is closer to tagging theUnknown 21:12government toys and they have been updated by some during the show to eachUnknown 21:33other as the other platform or platforms, which are going to be basically rolled out starting 2025 will be electric only. So you see for example, you will have an a Mercedes Benz electric architecture, you will have an AMG electric architecture and also events are going to go with any a so all the platforms which are coming are gonna be electric only. The let's say the last one which is electric first, but not electric only is our new compact class for our entry luxury segment which will come sometimes in 25 and 34, sometimes 2025 This one will still have both, but electric first and then we forget the the the the combustion engine but all the others which are coming afterwards are basically developed purely EvieUnknown 22:32gonna take I'm gonna take you under your burden, Philip Pullman wouldn't be able to talk to youUnknown 22:45again, because you will need Could you could you run could you know the guys since 2000 foot structures with this kindUnknown 23:01of mission Illinois outUnknown 23:07Yeah, developed. Let's say we will not let's make it maybe easy. We will not develop a new powertrain or transmission. But we will have our plus powertrain Of course we will adapt it to the regulatory emission standards. Yes. But if you really talk about the bass poetry development,Unknown 23:31Vision development on test thenUnknown 23:33we will still offer of course I mean, as I said the car is not going to be good fresh, everything's fine but then the capital investment is going mainly then into the new Evie modelsUnknown 24:00and if you see right now on the on the combustion side, I mean we're basically also electrifying all our combustion so you can see if you see right now on the SLS, it's 48 volt. We have hybrids. So you see also a good mixture in combustion work with electrification. So, again, this is this is going to be then our our path to the future on the combustion side first of all now and then when you platforms, which will come later are going to be as of right now with electric chargeUnknown 24:37Twitter wasUnknown 24:42behind. Now we'reUnknown 24:47counting on to these young men, also to London, Sydney and Dale penciller they don't get on title joining us on on kadang Google put on the rows and wallpaper in the layout. The tone guitars da da da Rosana so Tombow so put to Jana Tangerang between years only you don't meet up, you don't know. So talk us through some sort of Chieko social learning how to use Java without pushing and Jay could go to Iran proven approach Okay, protons kick get done and Kissinger can goUnknown 25:22out and get is the Mark Manson has been depressed about the system. Order Verdun didn't Zion DS attention on the distant Vita and winyah.Unknown 25:41As all mighty of Yom yom, it's mythical. It's the same, same purpose, like for the combustion. Of course, we're also setting for the electric vehicles. And that goes to say it's all the DNA which we have brought to the combustion engines or the combustion cars, let's say no danger only within hours is going to go one in one and the electric beings. So there is no for us. It's not a difference. It's the same, same same level. For us.Unknown 26:21Challenge Challenge. You also try tie it in with the computer academic content to look atUnknown 26:40that combo none to them tone guitar rotala they don't give them water to Ravana proposal that also to rotten goes Royce Anita you're in a car carova ones Optiva in your come true good and coming up with the nail pentagram Tom guitars hola marina in your come to Glendale took it hereUnknown 27:01by the vinegar time. Management Newtonian interesting this is sustained by Enoch and also vision mass.Unknown 27:18Let me first of all our our employees are our biggest asset. What we have this is our biggest asset because that's what they know how. So. Now, what do we do I mean we're taking them like we do with the products. We're taking them on a transformation journey. So we're basically look let's take the powertrain section because that's probably the most classic one we have implemented Ecampus into your car which is basically the fundament of, of Daimler at the time was was founded in order to work on now. So we have with we're doing a lot that the battery chemistry lab is there. So we are transforming the whole company and we're taking our team with us on the journey. And again, it's not like we're cutting off tomorrow. It's a process as we said, but 2030 We want to be electric ready wherever the market conditions are aligned. So it's a process which we take the next couple of years. So it will automatically help with fluctuation but we're also get the first the first and former focuses let's transfer teams which we have here into the new technologies because you have to see I mean, you need good software experts. Independent now if it's an electric motor, or a combustion motor, you know, so the capitalists there you just need to transform the capital, which is which is so so crucial because you've got people who are very dedicated to the company, so you need to take them off and that's our first and foremost goal.Unknown 29:08Tony Adam Contessa. Wow Kona and she sent me a power train to deploy to the cloud Hi May I told you to eat compulsory toUnknown 29:32continue to grow I don't I don't think so did tell you that you're gonna doUnknown 29:40so I got my son didn't we'll get them next Kenya in a momentUnknown 29:52in the economy, also Tanya to return.Unknown 29:56And maybe maybe to give you one example on the production side. If you look on our clients in Berlin, Berlin had a poetry implant really classic. Couple of years ago, eight cylinder diesel and also 12 cylinder. This plant is now remodeled to basically produce our future high performance electric engine from the outside. So you can see also in the production facilities, the team is transforming soTranscribed by https://otter.ai